---
layout: post
title:  "latex?"
date:   2025-03-01 00:04 +0400
categories:
mathjax: true
---

_1st march 2025, saturday_

# latex?
---

always wanted to have discussions on mathematical concepts, but the formatting on my website is very minimal. i decided to do something to display math equations on github pages, and i finally got latex working on github pages. it took me literally hours to figure out what was wrong but it was just that i couldn't just import the library directly. i had to download the javascript file and add it as an asset file on the master node. crazy stuff but finally got it to work.

to anyone who does not know what latex is, do not worry i did not know about 3 months ago either. latex is, as bates college puts it, a system for high-quality technical typesetting. essentially it makes your equations and text look cool by using a better font, like the one you see your physics professor writing in class.

oh, also i tried to get the original like latex formatting, but i couldn't i do not know why. i just had a hard time getting it integrated, but this is something similar called mathjax. it is an open source javascript display engine for latex, mathml and asciimath notation and it uses CSS with web fonts or SVG instead of bitmap images which is more convinient.

so now i can write equations like,

\\[\mathcal{F}(\omega) = \int_{-\infty}^{\infty} f(t) e^{-i \omega t} \,dt = \sum_{n=0}^{\infty} \frac{(-1)^n}{(2n+1)!} \omega^{2n+1}\\]

\\[\rho \left( \frac{\partial \mathbf{u}}{\partial t} + \mathbf{u} \cdot \nabla \mathbf{u} \right) = -\nabla p + \mu \nabla^2 \mathbf{u} + \mathbf{f}\\]

\\[i\hbar \frac{\partial}{\partial t} \Psi(\mathbf{r},t) = \left[ -\frac{\hbar^2}{2m} \nabla^2 + V(\mathbf{r},t) \right] \Psi(\mathbf{r},t)\\]

but yea, i guess its just a cool feature to have. so, expect a lot of discussions on math in the future.

- ask.
