---
layout: post
title:  "create."
date:   2025-02-28 00:39 +0400
categories:
---

_28th february 2025, friday_

# create.
---

i recently have been blogging alot. yes, i know right shockingly have enough time to write in the middle of my final exams. i came to the conclusion that i was never to busy to create, i was only too scared to create. i swear, people come with great ideas, think they are too ambitious or people might judge them and then never continue with the idea. time to break the stigma. well that's what i usually encourage, breaking the status quo.

here on out, i vow to myself to keep on creating. it may be a bad idea, a great idea, something easy to generate, the most difficult project i've embarked on, or something just downright stupid. i promise myself to create whatever little thought comes to my brain. this is why i started writing way more in the past few days.

now, going based on the idea of new creations and executing ideas, i started a new film project today, someone that i met recently (they really intrigue me. they have interesting ideas and certain nonconformist ideas that really grabs my attention) inspired me to start reading recently and also i want to get back into coding. now that's the issue. you can always create as long as you have ideas. in this case, i do not really have any ideas on what to code. i love creating resources that are open source for everyone to use for free. if anyone has any ideas, please do let me know.

i keep searching chat gpt for some project ideas, but even gpt can take me so far. i want something that i can use in my daily life and something that anyone else can also use if i put it up online.

hopefully something hits me soon enough. well, off to studying for the next board exam then. goodnight and sweet dreams.

p.s. ok, i finally decided on a project. i am going to build tetris on <a href = "https://pypi.org/project/pygame/" target  = _blank>pygame</a>. yes i know it doesn't really help anyone and it's a pretty simple project, but my coding skills have been rusting for a while. time to refresh my memory for a bit. i will publish the final code on <a href = "https://github.com/atharvakokane" target = _blank>my github</a> when it's ready and i will also update my progress on the <a href = "https://atharvakokane.github.io/projects" target = _blank>projects tab</a> when i do start it (probably after my english board on the 11th of march).

- ask.
