---
layout: post
title:  "curse."
date:   2025-04-12 01:39 +0400
categories:
mathjax: false
---

_12th april 2025, saturday_

# curse.
---

the real etymology of the word curse is unknown. crazy isn't it? there are two theories about its origin, but they both are uncertain. there are many reasons, belifs, types and originating factors of curses, but let's talk in specific to indian culture and tradition ('cause that's where i am from.)

we have all heard that phrase from our moms, "don't put nazar." the concept of 'nazar' is kind of an unintentional curse that people put on each other. in my words, or more specifically how i believe it, is that it all comes down to jealousy. 'nazar' is put on someone if a certain person is jealous of them. now, the real question is do you believe in it?

i do. the concept of 'curses' in culture and even religion have been strong symbols throughout history. i believe sometimes even i have those times in life where i feel genuinely cursed. i had such a case two days ago. i got pissed at myself for some reason, even though i couldn't control it. i felt horrendous. i'm still contemplating on what to do in that sector of life, but i can't stop the other sections of my life cause of one part of my life being affected.

so, what do i do? how do i really get over it right? well, i still didn't. i still think about it and i don't think i will stop thinking about it until the next move plays out. until then i guess. i will keep on building stuff in the meanwhile. also i do have a concert tomorrow. wait... it's today! should probably head to bed then... nah, i'm going to go watch the social network now.

p.s. 
if you are reading this, you aren't the curse but the circumstances are. also, try to decode this.
63 68 61 6C 6F 20 63 68 61 6C 65 69 6E

- ask.
