---
layout: post
title:  "purpose."
date:   2025-06-05 21:20 +0400
categories:
mathjax: false
---

_6th june, 2025_

# purpose.
---

every soul on this earth has a purpose. is that true? quite paradoxical isn't it. how are you meant to know what is your meaning of life or even if it is worth living. particular parts of my life felt surreal, parts of my life where i thought i found my purpose. but no luck. whether it was music, academics or public speaking, i was always one step behind. i was judged harshly no matter where i went, by my teachers in music, by my friends in academics and by other chairs and delegates in muns. i never found my purpose. i maybe never will. so when it comes to everyone finding their purpose, why can't i? for that matter why could everyone else? i will probably never know.

i recently won a huge award at my school along with a couple other classmates and a person i learnt from as well. congratualations to syed mohammad habiburahman (sorry if i butchered the spelling of your name), anya jain and saad safeer. spirit of dps dubai, they said. atharva kokane, the spirit of dps dubai. i couldn't believe it. there were way more qualified students along side me, why not them? my friends asked me why wasn't i happy with what i got. it wasn't the award that made me have residual feelings of doubt, it was the burning question of 'why me?' why me, i asked myself. it all comes down to that question doesn't it. 

in light of recent events i have had to cut off a lot of people. what happened? there are some people who don't have a motive behind what they do. and there are further two classifications of these some people. the first are the people who just do to help. i think the term i am looking for is 'selflessness.' the other are the people who just want to see a person burn. why? no one knows. its one of life's greatest mysteries you could say. well anyways, here is a public announcement. whatever i have been accused of is ridiculous. certain screenshots have been taken out of context and do not explain my stance on things. believe who you want to believe, but i have had to cut all my friends at muns because of this misinformed public.

my friend grace chiara once told me something her grandmother used to say a lot, 'la verita torna sempare a galla.' that's italian for the truth always finds a way literally, but her grandmother used to put it in words that explained it way better. she said that the bottle of truth will always find a way to the shore. one day, my bottle of truth will reach the shore. i miss my international family. i miss you abhilash katara, valeria bcassini, hassan chebab, aya kaddoura, bhuvaneshwar bhujbal, jess li and grace chiara.

trust is rare to come by these days.

- ask.
